docs: document strict and sensitive option (#1294)
vuejs/router: docs/api/index.md

- **See Also**: [Passing props to Route Components](../guide/essentials/passing-props.md)

### sensitive

> - **Type**: `PathParserOptions` (Optional) 

Reviewer: these are boolean

> - **Type**: `PathParserOptions` (Optional) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type**: `boolean` (Optional) 
```

- **Details**: 

>   Enables a more restrictive route matching. Makes the route case sensitive. `sensitive` can be passed on route level and now also when creating the router with `createRouter()` on the top level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Makes the route matching case sensitive, defaults to `false`. Note this can also be set at a route level.
```

### strict

> - **Type**: `PathParserOptions` (Optional) 

Reviewer: same

> - **Type**: `PathParserOptions` (Optional) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type**: `boolean` (Optional) 
```

- **Details**: 

>   Enables a more restrictive route matching. Disallows the check of an optional `/` at the end of the path. `strict` can be passed on route level and now also when creating the router with `createRouter()` on the top level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Strictly checks the presence or absence of a trailing slash (`/`) at the end of the path. Defaults to `false` meaning that by default a route `/users` matches both `/users` and `/users/`. Note this can also be set at a route level.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
